you know where of carthi therapy has
been most successful most used uh and
and what you see as being the possible
changes uh in use of carti therapy is
going forward
well there's it's a huge uh field it's
evolving every day um our scientists
uh my laboratory uh you know uh we keep
up we're we're keeping up with with the
with the literature that keeps running
faster than than even we can follow but
globally they've been extraordinarily
successful in leukemias and lymphomas
they've been tried now for other cancers
but uh
myeloma
also very successful
but
uh you know as you very well know the
main centers for cartier therapy have
been the united states europe and china
um there is uh you know we immunize
ambition of course is to bring the
entire suite of cartees that are
available and successful globally to
india so that we can run these really
innovative trials i mean we want to be
as much of a thought leader
in this space
an intellectual leader in this space
as uh any um a major party academic
institution or private institution in
any of these countries china india sorry
china the europe and and and the united
states and canada so um we are
absolutely committed to doing that and
the and the more the more we
the you know we will run um a whole
series of trials uh we will do them with
the as i with the highest grade of
intellectual rigor uh follow the highest
grade of of uh
sterility and and and and practices that
are necessary to make this product uh
the absolute international standards of
safety and as we grow this ecosystem you
know regulators will become comfortable
uh we will become comfortable with uh
you know how to manage our own uh
house as it were uh so that uh we
deliver the best product and become as i
said we innovators in this space we've
already started
a very strong
research and development program for
me to make parties that have never
previously been made
it's advancing along very rapidly i'm
very impressed with it
so you'll see a lot of innovation coming
out of
out of immune i hope
you know two questions on innovation and
collaboration that you spoke of you know
other companies in india pharma
companies like dr reddy's are also
looking at getting into this space dr
reddy's is tied up with i think it's
chenzin pregene biopharma as well to
explore the possibility of carti
therapies and bringing them to india
could that potentially be an area of
convergence for a startup like yours
with with the legacy incumbents here in
india
well i think you know
um
for for me as a scientist and as a
co-founder of muniel uh all
collaborations are open and welcome um
the uh you know the ecosystem is
is established through collaboration um
there is
there is in you know the more brains we
put into this and the more
thought we put into this uh the the the
more developed therapies we can we can
bring so
um you know there are there are several
people who want to
uh who want to deliver cartes i mean as
i said
we want to also create at the same time
create a
regulatory framework within india such
that everyone follows the same protocols
in terms of regulation so that we don't
cut any corners we provide the highest
grade as i said international grade
products so you know you can't wake up
one morning and make carties you know it
took us from our last conversation in
2019 it took us three years to build
this facility and you know we learned
along the way every step was a learning
process and in the end you know you
ended up with something like this
but
she know i you know i don't know how to
convey to your audience um
the incredible level of attention to
detail attention to complexity the
release criteria you know
the safety
the design of the study you know every
piece of it has to be thought out with
immense amount of care immense amount of
care
because we are handling human lives and
we you know we the sanctity of that life
is the most important thing that we can
we can think about um
and so
so as i said the
the we welcome collaboration we welcome
creating an ecosystem and the more minds
we have the better it is
as we move forward
dr mukherjee you know i want to address
the larger issue of
of the burden of cancer in india and at
the start of the program we talked about
what the icmr is projecting by 2025
almost 30 million potential cancer
cases in india
what concerns you what worries you not
just about the disease button but also
you know whether it's lead detection uh
or diagnosis the lack of infrastructure
from an india point of view what worries
you the most and what you believe is the
need of the hour more importantly
well i think you know in in cancer uh
the greatest impact uh is almost always
in prevention um we can certainly invent
new treatments but the greatest impact
is in prevention and so what worries me
is that
that you know as the cancer burden
increases how will a nation of 1.3
billion people
create very strong
very high impact programs that
address cancer prevention and there's
some obvious things
tobacco control
which was going very well but i think is
sliding around the world again
obviously
some cancers a small minority
are caused by viruses uh such as human
papilloma virus um so vaccination
against human papillomavirus the third
is you know as we the population is is
is our entire population is is
experiencing around the world
experiencing longer and longer lifespans
and cancer is a disease of age so what
do we do as the population ages do we
you know are we doing the appropriate
detection are we doing the appropriate
screening for for cancers that can be
caught at an early stage such as breast
cancer
and finally you know there is uh the
beginnings
of uh you know there's a very clear
connection with obesity
and so are we are we giving the right
message uh to people in terms of diet
exercise um and appropriate uh you know
uh appropriate tools to control uh
the the one factor which is very clearly
linked to an increased risk of cancer
so uh in quick summary i mean by what
worries me is that there is a there is a
storm that's brewing
a medical storm that's brewing uh we
let's
put aside the the great financial costs
of treatment um and the great uh
personal and financial psychological
psychiatric and financial costs of the
treatment i my worry is that the storm
is brewing and we don't want to be
reactive to that storm we want to be
proactive to that storm
immunity is just one part of it we are
the end of that process in which people
with you know
leukemias lymphomas and myelomas in the
advanced stages are being treated we are
the end of of that sort of linear
journey um what worries me is that the
the real high impact is uh you know at
the beginning of the journey which is
prevention
at the beginning
yeah you're absolutely right dr mukuchi
before i let you go uh you know the
dosing has started as far as this phase
to imagine trial is concerned just run
me through what we can expect now in the
next stage
of this trial uh if there are timelines
that you could leave us with
yeah we're hoping we're enrolling away
uh we've already uh dosed uh a few
patients uh all i can tell you that
patients have tolerated the doses uh
they've been safe we have detected the t
cells in their blood
um
and you know i think we'll start seeing
uh i don't want to be premature i don't
want to you know say anything about the
outcomes because we are still in the
middle of measuring them we want to be
careful we want to be absolutely a
you know play along with the global
standards which we are and we hope to
get some real information on you know
how this trial is going moving along by
i would say the um the winter of this
year which is a record speed really for
a trial um and that's because
the uh the physicians
are working literally i i'll tell you
sharing they are working hand in hand
every day with the with the scientists
there is a meeting every day they meet
every day they discuss every case every
case is analyzed at a at the highest
level um by the scientists by the
clinicians and they
this is this is the collab you know you
require this you require a kind of
closeness uh between the clinician um
the patient of course and the scientists
and and um i'm very proud to say that at
least that part we have achieved more
than just building a building we've
built um you know we've built a
collaboration we've built the beginnings
of of an ecosystem
well dr mukherjee we wish you the very
best of luck thanks very much for
joining us here on cnbc tv 18 and taking
us through uh the work that immunity is
doing uh uh and we hope to hear back
from you as you get to the end point of
the trial thanks very much for your time
well thanks thanks very much as always
we'll take a break and we'll be back
with you right after this short break
with a lot more